README.md, before:

# Flora
Flora is a .NET 2D game development framework.

## Caution

Flora is still in early development, and nothing is set in stone. If you want to try Flora now, be aware that your application may break at any time. Try it at your own risk.

## About

Flora aims to be a just-enough framework that does the dirty works for you - without too much restriction and over-packed features. It is heavily influenced by [libGDX](https://github.com/libgdx/libgdx/), and took a lot of concepts from it.

Since it is built on .NET 5 and SDL2, it could be theoretically cross-platform, but currently only Windows is considered as a supported platform. With some modification, it will probably run on Linux or macOS, but those platforms are not officially supported for now.

## Documentation

For basic usages, check out the [wiki](https://github.com/sinusinu/Flora/wiki).

Flora's public functions are usually documented with [documentation comments](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/language-specification/documentation-comments), so check out the sources if you need more info.

## License

Flora is distributed under the MIT License.

Commit message:

README: Add mention to Bootleg Invaders

README.md, after:

# Flora
Flora is a .NET 2D game development framework.

## Caution

Flora is still in early development, and nothing is set in stone. If you want to try Flora now, be aware that your application may break at any time. Try it at your own risk.

## About

Flora aims to be a just-enough framework that does the dirty works for you - without too much restriction and over-packed features. It is heavily influenced by [libGDX](https://github.com/libgdx/libgdx/), and took a lot of concepts from it.

Since it is built on .NET 5 and SDL2, it could be theoretically cross-platform, but currently only Windows is considered as a supported platform. With some modification, it will probably run on Linux or macOS, but those platforms are not officially supported for now.

## Documentation

For basic usages, check out the [wiki](https://github.com/sinusinu/Flora/wiki).

For working example, check out the sample project: [Bootleg Invaders](https://github.com/sinusinu/BootlegInvaders).

Flora's public functions are usually documented with [documentation comments](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/language-specification/documentation-comments), so check out the sources if you need more info.

## License

Flora is distributed under the MIT License.
